Hey everyone. Welcome back to Movie Recap.
My name is Silverra. Today I'm gonna show
you a 2010 American psychological
thriller film called, Mother's Day.
An unknown woman enters a hospital and goes
to the maternity ward dressed as a nurse.
She passes a security guard, who asks for
identification. She ignores him, and takes
the elevator. She then grabs a baby, and tries to
leave, only to be stopped by the security guard.
He tries to reason with the unknown woman, only
to be stabbed in the neck by an unseen man.
Earlier, Beth Sohapi is
having a birthday party for her husband,
Daniel Sohapi,with the help of their friends,
married couple Treshawn and Gina Jackson.
Meanwhile, three brothers, Ike, Addley, and JohnnyKoffin
are on the run from
the law after a bank robbery gone wrong.
Johnny, the youngest, has been shot,
and has his brothers panicking.
The brothers decide to head for home, so that
their mother can provide them with a getaway.
Back at the house, Dave Lowe and his
fiancee, Annette Langston, George
Barnum and his girlfriend, Melissa
McGuire, and Daniel's co-worker,
and friend, Julie Ross arrive
and are also celebrating Daniel's birthday.
The news reports a tornado is heading their
way, and the basement is tornado proof.
The three brothers reach their mother's home, and
find that their mother is nowhere to be found and
that their stuff has been replaced. Addley begins
to freak out. Daniel, thinking it's his friend,
Charlie, who has found a way in, goes upstairs to
greet him, only to be attacked by the brothers.
They learn that Beth and Daniel now own the
house, after their mother lost the house on
a foreclosure. As they are ready to flee
the home, Beth appears from the basement.
Confused, and not knowing what she is seeing,
Beth flees but only reaches the front lawn,
before Ike drags her back inside. Addley and
Ike begin to bicker, and Beth tells them that
George is a doctor. Ike makes her bring George
upstairs, and threatens to kill Daniel if she
tries to trick him. Without alerting her friends,
Beth asks George for help, who is quickly forced
to help Johnny. Ike gets a phone call from his
sister, Lydia who informs him
that she and their mother are now living in
an RV and will be on their way to the house.
Just as Ike hangs up, Julie emerges from the
basement and is chased back down by Addley,
who forces them down on the ground. Julie tries to
run out the basement doors but Addley pulls her,
and she knocks herself out. Ike brings Beth and
Daniel downstairs and tells Addley to stay calm.
As Ike begins to assist George, Addley
stays downstairs harassing the hostages,
by pretending to rape Annette, and taking
Dave's wig. After a while, Lydia pulls over,
and the brothers' "Mother" Natalie Koffin
appears and is angry
at Ike for losing their emergency phone.
She also tells him that she has someone who
will cross them across the border to Canada,
but it will cost them ten thousand dollars.
Natalie is taken to the basement and meets the
hostages. Initially, she is nice to the hostages,
thanking George for saving her son and even tells
Lydia to assist him. She also apologizes to the
hostages for her children's mistake, explaining it
is all a misunderstanding and she will be leaving
in the morning after Johnny gets better. She
learns that her sons have been sending her money
every month, since she lost the house. She tries
to ask Beth and Daniel politely for the money,
but after they tell her that they have no idea
of what she is talking about, she thinks that
they are hiding it, and tries to get them to cave,
by forcing Addley and Ike to break Daniel's hand.
ATM, Beth tries to get Vicky's attention and warns
her to leave, but before the two girls can, Ike
realizes what is going on, and holds them hostage.
Ike then teaches Beth a lesson by giving the girls
one knife, and telling them that whoever kills the
other, will get to live. Vicky picks the knife up,
but quickly drops it after Jenna pleads. Ike then
decides to kill them both, so Jenna kills Vicky.
Jenna hears an ambulance, and runs towards
it, but is shot down by Ike in the process.
Back at house, Annette tries to get the others
to listen, as Natalie is only helping her sons,
only to be ignored by Treshawn. In the dump,
two sanitation workers pull over, and find a
whimpering Melissa behind the dumpster, and call
the police. Lydia is in the restroom, trying to
wash off some blood from her shirt, when George
walks in. He finds her pills on the floor, and she
informs him that she must take them because of her
sensitive skin. George tells her that the pills
are sugar, and learns she never saw a doctor, and
was also home schooled. He then tells her that
her mother lied to have Lydia cover herself up,
so that boys don't notice her. He gives her his
shirt, and she takes it, just as Natalie walks in
on them. She warns George to stay away from her.
As they hear the news, police officer Skay
pulls over and Natalie forces Daniel to
send the officer away, threatening to hurt Beth.
Daniel co-operates with the officer, and sends
him away. After being sent downstairs, Natalie
realizes Daniel is a good liar, and tells Lydia to
look for the money downstairs. There, Lydia finds
a Valentine's Day card to Julie, from Daniel.
Meanwhile, Ike tells Beth that they don't
have enough money, so Beth tells him
how Treshawn owns a dry cleaner's. Ike gives
Beth the phone, and calls Treshawn to ask him
for the safe's pass code. Treshawn does so, and
also tells Beth he has a gun in the cabinet.
As Johnny begins to bleed, he breaks down
to his Mother, and tells her he doesn't
want to die a virgin, breaking his Mother's
heart. George, who asked to get cleaned up,
finds Lydia, and asks who Queenie is, a name he
heard earlier. A scared Lydia tells him the story
of Queenie, a monster who her mother says lives
in the woods, and punishes bad kids. Although
she doesn't believe the story, she is still
traumatized by the sounds she hears outside.
Down in the basement, the hostages are trying
to keep calm, when Addley comes down the stairs,
and tells them that one of the women is getting
lucky by popping his younger brother's Joystick.
As he asks who they choose to send upstairs,
everyone turns their back on Julie,
so Addley drags her upstairs. An angry Treshawn
grabs a pool stick and runs after them,
but Mother quickly brings Julie back downstairs,
stating she is not worthy of her son, and quickly
lays her eyes on Gina, after Treshawn tries to
be the "strong man". She finds Gina perfect,
and tells Addley to take Gina upstairs, who breaks
down, and tells them that Dave works at a bank,
and he and Annette are not friends of hers, nor
Treshawn's. Mother Natalie, not knowing who to
pick, forces Treshawn and Dave to fight, and the
loser's woman will be forced upstairs. As the two
men decline, she threatens to take both women.
As Addley plays the song "Whack-A-Doo", Dave and
Treshawn fight, as their women cheer for them not
to give up. Treshawn ends up winning, and Annette
is dragged upstairs by Addley. Back upstairs,
Johnny has stopped breathing, and George is trying
to convince Lydia to change her mind, as she is
not like her family, but Lydia shows she loves
her family, and will not turn against them. As
Johnny is revived, Addley walks in with Annette,
and calls his mother. Lydia notices what is going
on, and warns her Mother that what she plans to do
is not right, but Mother tells Lydia that they
are lying to them, and are hiding the money.
At the dry cleaner's, Beth mixes the combination
numbers to buy some time at getting Treshawn's
gun. After Ike opens the safe, and gets the
money, Beth gets the gun, and points it at
Ike. As he gives her the cellphone, Ike reaches
for the gun, and Beth hits him in the head with
an iron. She runs and hides in the clothes, after
finding the doors locked. Ike begins taunting her,
while she is on hold with the police. As
she reaches the police, Ike catches her.
Back at the house, Mother is makes Annette
change into something more "decent".
While looking through a box which contains
pictures of a boy, and various newspaper articles,
it is concluded Daniel and Beth have been
having problems after their son was run over.
Annette pleads that she believed Mother that no
one would be hurt, but Mother ignores her pleads,
and takes her to Johnny. As George tries to
protect Annette, Lydia is forced to take him away,
He tricks Ike by confusing Beth and Daniel's
last name, "Sohapi" and "so happy". Ike falls
watches in horror, not being able to do anything,
as Lydia points a gun at her the whole time.
Back at the storm, Skay gets up, being slightly
injured, and goes to Beth's aide. Beth is injured,
and lets Skay know that Ike is not moving. As
Skay approaches to help Beth, Ike opens his eyes,
angering Mother, who continues to burn all of
his stuff. Mother then turns to Julie, and makes
Addley drop liquor on her head, before burning
her head. Mother then quickly goes to Julie,
and puts the fire out, stating that "Marriage is
sacred". As she goes upstairs, Mother begins to
question whether she was doing wrong, torturing
an innocent, so she begins to look around for the
money. Gina, now tied up with plastic wrap on
the floor, finds a way to get up. She turns on
the chimney, and puts her bound hands through it,
burning the plastic wrap off. She unties herself,
and quickly goes to Treshawn. At the hospital,
Melissa is able to wake up during operation,
She orders Addley to bring Daniel upstairs. Addley
goes to the basement and finds Treshawn missing,
but before he can react, Daniel attacks him,
and Gina puts plastic wrap over his face.
Daniel and Annette then take turns stabbing him,
as he apologizes for what he has done. Julie is
also about to stab him, but drops him, showing
remorse. Treshawn, now half deaf and blind, grabs
Addley's gun, and goes upstairs to try and kill
Mother. Gina goes after him, trying to stop him,
but Treshawn does not hear her. She surprises
Treshawn, who reacts quickly, and shoots her
in the side. As he realizes what he did, Mother
shoots him dead. Mother goes to the basement,
and finds Addley dead. She calls Ike, and makes
Daniel say goodbye to Beth. As he lets Beth know
he is sorry, Mother shoots Daniel dead, as Beth
listens, and breaks down. Mother then tells Ike
that Addley is dead, and to bring Beth home.
Ike then begins to grieve his brother's death.
Back at the house, Lydia ties Julie
and Annette with plastic wrap again.
George begins to tell Mother that none of her
kids look like one another, and look nothing
like her. Mother, enraged, threatens to kill him,
but Lydia convinces her that they need George.
Ike and Beth then burst through the front
door, and Mother lets Ike know Beth and Daniel
had the money all along, and makes George
and Lydia help Ike take Johnny to the RV.
Mother reveals to Julie and Annette that Beth
was the one who hid the money and is the one
responsible for all their friend's deaths.
Beth then reveals that she was hiding the
money for the baby that she will have. She
also reveals she knew Daniel was cheating,
and wanted to leave him. Mother, now
enraged, makes her take a pregnancy test.
In the RV, Ike tells George he must now
shoot George, as they don't need him anymore,
but Lydia pleads that he can come with him.
Ike agrees, and turns to Johnny. As George is
going to thank Lydia, Johnny shoots him dead,
stating that he knows George will somehow find
a way to tell the police. Lydia exits the RV,
and breaks down. Beth takes the pregnancy test,
and it comes out positive. Mother tells Beth
that she is lucky to have life in her belly.
As she turns, Beth grabs the toilet lid,
and knocks out Mother, before going to
Annette and Julie. She unties Annette,
and tells her about a rifle in the garage,
while Beth unties Julie. Ike exits the RV, and
goes looking for Lydia. After Beth unties Julie,
who reveals to Beth she was Daniel's mistress,
Annette gets the rifle, but finds it to be empty.
Beth runs to the garage, while Julie says they
should run for it. She goes to the front door,
finds Lydia, and closes the door, before running
after Beth. Julie runs into Ike, who is aiming a
shotgun at her. She closes the door and tries to
run away, but half her face is blown off as Ike
shoots her. In the garage, Beth and Annette try
looking for bullets, but are forced to hide when
they hear Ike coming. Ike begins to look for them,
but they attack him. He is able to grab Beth,
but Annette shoots him in the face with a nail
gun. They make a run for it, but Ike attacks them
again. They begin to choke him, before filling his
face with Drano, and then dropping a television on
his face. The two hear Mother coming. Annette
goes looking for help, while Beth faces Mother.
Mother, now filled with raged that her oldest
son is dead, goes after Beth. The two fight,
and Mother is able to knock Beth down. Mother
begins filling the house with gasoline, and lights
it on fire, just as Beth wakes up. She grabs a
cutting board, and knocks out Mother with it.
She goes outside, just as the firefighters
reach the house. She hugs Annette, just as
the firefighters find a survivor. They find
Gina, who is severely injured. Beth tells the
firefighters that Mother is still inside, but the
firefighters find no one, as the house burns down.
Months later, Beth's water has broke, and
she is taken to the hospital by Annette,
Gina, and Melissa. That night, Beth wakes up to
the emergency alarms going off. She gets up, and
goes to check on her son, who is now missing. Beth
screams in horror that her infant son is gone.
In the final scene, Mother Natalie is revealed
to be alive and well and was in fact the woman
at the beginning who broke into the maternity
ward, and Johnny was the unseen doctor who
killed the security guard. Lydia is driving
the RV, while Mother Natalie sings Beth's
baby a lullaby and telling Lydia and Johnny
that they have a new member to the family...
implying that she has gotten her final twisted
and cruel back-at-you revenge against Beth by
abducting her baby and will raise it as her own...
in a life of crime, murder and other debauchery.
Thanks for watching. See
you in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE, and click the bell
icon to get new video update.
Have a nice day.